krasnojarsk is part of russia.									
brisbane is part of australia.									
most people in japan speak japanese.									
saint pierre and miquelon is part of france.														
the canada goose is a large north american bird that honks.									
portuguese republic is a synonym of portugal.									
oktoberfest is used in the region of germany.									
poyang is a part of china.									
baseball is not played professionally played in ireland.								
mel columcille gerard gibson is used in the region of united states.									
it is important to know that curry is from india.									
nebraska is a state in the united states.									
poitou-charentes is a part of france.								
riyadh is a part of saudi arabia.									
sevilla is a part of spain.									
a eiffel tower in france is a worldwide landmark.									
volga is a part of russia.									
abu sayyaf is used in the region of philippines.									
the terrain of afghanistan is mostly rugged mountains; plains in north and southwest.									
you are likely to find a bald eagle in the united states of america.									
brazil is a country where is the greatest forest in the world.									
bavaria is part of germany.									
hamlet is typically near denmark.									
you are likely to find a koala in an eucalyptus tree around in australia.									
senat dels estats units is a translation of united states senate.									
the capital of portugal is lisbon.									
capital of the united kingdom is a synonym of london.									
nuremberg is a part of germany.									
living in india would make you want to cook a curry.									
georgia is a state in america.									
oxbridge is used in the region of united kingdom.									
louisiana is part of the united states.								
knock-on effect is used in the region of united kingdom.									
the capital of france is paris.									
rio de janeiro is part of brazil.									
salzburg is a part of austria.									
amnistie en france is a translation of pardon.									
crecy is used in the region of france.									
anhui is part of china.								
the root cause of the first world war was trade rivalry between great britain and germany.								
battle of britain is used in the region of united kingdom.									
a louvre is a museum in france.															
alfred deakin was australias first great statesman.									
tokyo is a part of japan.									
rice is related to china grain.									
gymslip is used in the region of united kingdom.									
more than 100 countries depend on the united states for grain.									
black snakeroot is a synonym of canada ginger.									
nanjing is part of china.									
united states department of state is a synonym of department of state.									
calcutta is part of india.									
falun gong is used in the region of china.									
laudo is a part of argentina.									
electroshock was first used in 1938 in italy and began gaining widespread acceptance through the 1940's and 1950's as it appeared to reverse some of the most damaging cases of mental illness.									
nepal is part of asia.								
lyon is a part of france.									
italy is michelangelo's david.									
south dakota is a state in the united states.									
mathematics was first axiomatised in greece.									
most duck hunting in new zealand is done from hides or stands.									
french southern territories is part of france.									
people in france speak the french language.									
iwo jima is a part of japan.									
new mexico is the home of smokey bear.									
dachau is a part of germany.									
durango is part of mexico.									
italy looks like a boot.									
uuden-seelannin dollari is a translation of new zealand dollar.									
mahamudra house is the home of buddhism diamond way australia.									
namoi is a part of australia.									
georgia is part of the united states.									
natal is a part of south africa.								
canada and mexico are in north america.									
rum is related to cuba.								
tribe is used in the region of united states.									
ratepayer is used in the region of united kingdom.									
a american flag is a patriotic symbol of the united states.									
ryukyu islands is a part of japan.									
joao pessoa is a part of brazil.									
champagne is a part of france.									
fluidounce is a type of united states liquid unit.									
japan current is a type of ocean current.									
neighbours is australia's longest-running soap.									
hetzbach has one of the most beautiful railway stations in germany.									
franc-tireur is used in the region of france.													
luzon is a part of philippines.									
dakota is a part of united states.									
belo horizonte is a part of brazil.									
porto alegre is part of brazil.									
jaroslavl is part of russia.									
tokyo is part of japan.									
patron is used in the region of france.									
chongqing is a part of china.									
britain is a synonym of united kingdom.									
borodino is used in the region of russia.									
septillion is used in the region of united states.									
cern is the european labatory for particle physics in geneva switzerland.								
havana is part of cuba.									
local authority is used in the region of united kingdom.									
cordoba is part of argentina.									
australia does not have endemic rabies in canid species.									
hand is related to a turkey.									
the capital of united kingdom is london.									
portuguese guinea is a synonym of guinea-bissau.								
the potoroo has already disappeared in many areas of australia.									
east sear is a synonym of south china sea.									
arab republic of egypt is a synonym of egypt.									
illinois is part of the united states.									
lacrosse is a sport from france.								
ulster defense association is used in the region of northern ireland.									
kangaroo island is part of australia.									
wales is a part of united kingdom.									
north vietnam is a part of vietnam.									
leyte is used in the region of philippines.									
rome is the capital of italy.									
vegemite is popular in australia.								
tribesmen waving taliban flags strode across the border into pakistan.									
viet nam is a synonym of vietnam.									
israel has diplomatic relations with 153 states.								
you are likely to find a pizzeria around in little italy.									
brasilia is a part of brazil.								
borodino is used in the region of soviet russia.								
yank is used in the region of united states.									
canada is located north of the united states.									
ankara is the capital of turkey.								
portugal is a part of iberian peninsula.								
something you find in zimbabwe is robert mugabe.									
havana is the capital of cuba.									
the labradoodle is a dog which was first bred in australia.									
newfoundland is the most recent province to enter into confederation with canada.									
things from greece are greek.									
the cayman islands is part of the united kingdom.									
the eiffel tower is located in paris france.								
rio de janeiro is a part of brazil.									
brigadoon is very popular in the united states of america.									
maine is part of united states of america.									
california is part of the united states.									
mexicali is a part of mexico.									
mumbai is a part of india.									
you are likely to find the english channel in between england and france.									
hibernia is a synonym of ireland.									
us coast guard is a synonym of united states coast guard.									
tertry is used in the region of france.									
louisiana is a part of united states.									
molise is a part of italy.									
riviera is a part of italy.									
istanbul is a part of turkey.									
fortaleza is part of brazil.									
harkat-ul-mujahidin is used in the region of pakistan.									
bottle bank is used in the region of united kingdom.									
rota is used in the region of united kingdom.									
noodles were invented in china.									
brasilia is the capital of brazil.									
south island is a part of new zealand.									
ravenna is used in the region of italy.									
hellenic republic is a synonym of greece.									
jekaterinburg is part of russia.									
hyderabad is a part of pakistan.								
the english channel separates england from france.									
boyne is used in the region of ireland.									
nagasaki is a part of japan.									
tulsa is known for the tulsa race riot	 the worst hate crime in united states history.								
is italy has the leaning tower of pisa.									
rice is related to foodstuff china.									
havana is the capital of cuba.									
delaware is part of the united states.									
kabob is related to afghanistan.									
nm is a synonym of new mexico.									
canada has the longest coastline on earth.									
you are likely to find coffe beans in brazil.									
alsace is part of france.									
in portuguese brazil is writen brasil.									
us air force academy is a synonym of united states air force academy.									
gulf is related to near mexico.									
in portuguese brazil is writen brasil.									
shenzhen is the city in sourthern china.									
auckland is part of new zealand.									
capital of spain is a synonym of madrid.									
switzerland is a neutral country.									
tula is part of russia.									
i trip to india would make you want to cook a curry.									
umbria is a part of italy.									
grand inquisitor is used in the region of spain.								
mexicano is used in the region of mexico.									
you are likely to find a shopping arcade in canada.									
nosh-up is used in the region of united kingdom.								
falun gong practitioners inside china are resilient and brave.									
palermo is part of italy.									
a dollar bill is legal tender in the united states of america.									
french republic is a synonym of france.									
russia's political system is called communism.									
acupuncture is an ancient form of medical therapy that originated in china.									
porto is part of portugal.									
everest is a part of nepal.								
adelaide is the capital of south australia.								
safe climate australia is a kind of non-government organisation.								
antwerpen is a part of belgium.									
pyramid is typically in egypt.									
republic of the philippines is a synonym of philippines.									
canary islands is a part of spain.									
china has one of the fastest growing internet populations of the world.									
norse mythology is used in the region of germany.									
stavanger is a part of norway.									
usss is a synonym of united states secret service.									
scrumpy is used in the region of united kingdom.								
china built a great wall.									
ansar al islam is used in the region of iraq.									
vichy is a part of france.									
graz is a part of austria.									
xian is part of china.									
canada has 10 provinces and 3 territories.									
fortune is related to china.								
new town is used in the region of united kingdom.									
it is important to know that untergroeningen is a village in germany.									
tirich mir is a part of pakistan.									
question master is used in the region of united kingdom.								
gallon is a type of united states liquid unit.									
hindoism and buddhism are the two main religions of india.									
the terrain of bassas da india is a volcanic rock 2.									
ancient is related to egypt.									
bill clinton was president of the united states.									
new jersey is part of the united states.									
ancient is related to rome greece.									
naha city is a part of japan.								
tea was first discovered in china.														
nuptse is a part of nepal.									
argentina is a translation of argentine.									
farmland is part of the united states of america.									
peter seamus o'toole is used in the region of ireland.									
heart disease is the biggest cause of death in the united states.									
vermont is one of the states of the united states of america.									
the terrain of south africa is vast interior plateau rimmed by rugged hills and narrow.									
jazz in australia blossomed after world war ii.									
bangor is a part of northern ireland.									
saddam is the first name of the leader of iraq.									
toyohashi is a part of japan.									
countenance is used in the region of united kingdom.